Update OpenAPI Setup (#207)
mintlify/docs: api-playground/openapi/setup.mdx

There are two ways to configure your docs to use your OpenAPI file:

**1) In the repo**: The most common method of setting up OpenAPI with Mintlify is to add your OpenAPI documents directly to your docs repo. The format will either be in `.yaml` or `.json`. 

> **2) On the web**: If you have a publicly-hosted OpenAPI document that serves as the single-source-of-truth for your API, you can use that in your docs through the document URL (ex: https://mintlify.com/specs/v2/openapi.json)

Reviewer: I think it would be nice to use our accordions for this. This way, the user can select which one makes more sense?

Author: Added them

## Autogenerating the API playground

> You can either autogenerate the API playground with our [tabs](/settings/navigation#tabs) and [anchors](/settings/navigation#anchors) setup or create MDX files for the OpenAPI endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can either [autogenerate the API playground](/settings/navigation#tabs) or create MDX files for the individual OpenAPI endpoints.
```

> ### Auto-populate API pages with tabs or anchors

Reviewer: Don't think we need to specifically mention the tabs or anchors part.

```suggestion
### Auto-populate API pages
```

  If your OpenAPI document is invalid, the files will not autogenerate.
</Note>

> #### Manually generate files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Manually specify files
```
